>> Kyle Simpson: Moving on then to line
five because there's certainly a question
as to what's gonna happen with line five.
What's gonna happen with
this topic variable?
Well, it's gonna process exactly the same,
same questions.
That's why I'm teaching
you their narrative.
So how does that start?
Hey scope of.
>> Speaker 2: Other class.
>> Kyle Simpson: Other class.
I have a what kind of reference?
>> Speaker 3: Target.
>> Kyle Simpson: I have a target
reference, thank you.
I have a target reference for
the identifier topic.
Ever heard of it?
>> Speaker 2: No.
>> Kyle Simpson: So where do we go next?
>> Speaker 2: Global scope.
>> Kyle Simpson: A global scope.
I have a target reference for
the variable called topic.
Ever heard of it?
And the answer is?
>> Speaker 3: No.
>> Kyle Simpson: Well we would like for
the answer to be no.
It seems very reasonable for
In fact it seems somewhat crazy that it
would ever be anything other than no but
here we see one of the historical
bad parts of JavaScript which is in
the early days to be as forgiving
as possible for people that didn't
understand the language, they
instituted this idea of auto global's.
So if you try to assign to a variable
that's never been formally declared.
Once you arrive at the global scope,
if you say hey, global scope,
I'm looking for this marble called topic,
ever heard of it?
And the global scope instead
of saying nope, sorry error,
the global scope's gonna say
I just created one for you.
Aren't I helpful.
And it's gonna hand us a red marble,
not a blue marble.
Why do you suppose it only hands us
a red marble and not a blue marble?
>> Speaker 4: Because it is non globally.
>> Kyle Simpson: Cuz we're
talking to the global scope now.
We've already passed up the scope where
that would have been formally declared and
now we're talking to the global scope and
it's the global scope that
gives us the variable.
Are you with me?
So we've created an auto
global called topic which
that sounds terrible
because it is terrible.
But now there's a global
variable called topic and
when we get that red marble back and
make the assignment on line five,
there's a global variable now
with the value React in it, okay?
>> Speaker 4: So topic is just like
teacher saying there's no difference then
at the global level there too.
>> Kyle Simpson: I wouldn't
say there's no difference.
Certainly creating a declaration
at compile time and
creating it dynamically during
the run time, have differences.
There are performance differences and
other sorts of things but
mechanically they are two global
variables at this point okay.
>> Speaker 4: Or down the road if you wrap
it around then it will make difference
because it would pop again up.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah, I mean if this
wasn't the global scope again then.
>> Speaker 4: But
if erupted again later on and.
>> Kyle Simpson: Teacher
wouldn't be a red marble anymore.
[CROSSTALK].
Okay, regardless of how you wrap your
brains around this just take this
particular takeaway, never ever under any
circumstances did you intentionally auto
create global's like that.
Always declare the variables that
you want to use declare them in
whatever scope you need them in, but
don't auto create them like this, yes.
>> Speaker 2: That would occur
also if topic equals react were
in the global scope under
variable of teacher.
>> Kyle Simpson: That's true.
Yeah, any assignment to a variable
that is undeclared at that moment,
it is not available to any
scope that we have access to,
not declared to any
scope we have access to.
Any undeclared variable is going to
end up creating this auto global.
Now, the reason why that happens
is because you'll notice that this
program is not running in strict mode.
And in just a moment,
we'll see when we flip on strict mode,
it will change that behavior.
But this is running in the non-strict
mode or sometimes called, sloppy mode.
You should be using strict mode,
and if you were using strict mode,
you wouldn't see this behavior.
But since this code snip it isn't,
that's what happens,
as we end up creating a global
variable called topic, okay?
So execution is then done in the function.
We execute console.log the same
way as we have before.
Execution moves to line 11.
How does the execution of line 11 work?
Hey, we gotta talk to a scope, right, same
conversation as before, same narrative.
So hey, global scope, hey red bucket.
I have a what kind of reference?
>> Speaker 3: Source reference.
>> Kyle Simpson: A source
reference to a variable called?
Teacher.
Ever heard of it?
And the answer is?
>> Speaker 3: Yes.
>> Kyle Simpson: So we go get that
marble and we look for its value.
And what value does it have?
>> Speaker 3: Suzy.
>> Kyle Simpson: It has Suzy.
Remember?
Because of line four,
we assigned to a red marble.
We've overwritten
the value in that variable.
It's not a separate variable,
not a separate marble.
Okay, line 12 then,
how does line 12 execute?
>> Speaker 3: Hey global scope.
>> Kyle Simpson: Hey global scope,
I have a?
>> Speaker 3: Source.
>> Kyle Simpson: Source reference for?
Topic.
Topic, you're experts at this, very good.
Ever heard of topic?
And global scope's gonna say?
Here's your red marble.
And when we look at the value in
the red marble it's gonna say?
>> Speaker 2: React.
>> Kyle Simpson: React, react.
>> Speaker 3: So if line 11 ran before
line 9, teacher would still be top.
>> Kyle Simpson: Say that again I'm sorry?
>> Speaker 3: So
if line 11 was actually in line 8.
>> Kyle Simpson: I think
you're talking about line 12?
>> Speaker 3: I'm talking about line 11.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, so
if line 11 was on line 8 then
teacher would say Kyle, correct.
What would happen if
line 12 was on line 8?
There would be no identifier, right?
We'll see that case in the next slide.
But there is an identifier
on line 12 because
the function otherClass auto created it
by assigning to a non-declared variable.